not so yeah and how much water for now I
think her course is $39 and I think what
she did with her early launched his
confirmation list I think she sold it
$19 apiece so busy she done a good job
of building an audience over time
scientists razor who's in the side by
side you know they're done the marketing
up front they built the audience I miss
you and then when they launched to have
a captive audience and hit his smell
smoke that really really interesting now
some was asking about you to me
algorithm works but I just explain one
thing that the how it really works if
you if you release of course into the
marketplace and you develop 50,000 1500
2000 whatever dollars ourselves at
launch
you to me don't come out all courses
equally if I see your cause
going into the marketplace making money
this is what I do we want a piece of
that pie because they spend money
advertising people's courses and they
don't advertise equally so when they see
a course coming in and people misses you
need an external marketing funnel
algorithm you need to create some sales
so if you go in and you create sales the
ranking for your call now if you get
your course above the fold in your cats
are grey or under your key would that's
when the big money comes you know we've
got people doing 10 15 20 30 40 50
thousand dollars a month just by being
so if you get caught in the top of the
file you go and that and you know you
have to optimize it well as some things
you have to do but the main thing and
this is what people miss the main thing
is actually get the sales in the first
place to get a thousand the first by
some people on the platform looking you
to me said they grabbed it and that
promote like crazy because
they're not going to spend all their
advertising money on causes it done
cells if you give them a call that sells
they're open to you that because I'm in
the IITs me behind a reverse known that
we not really like you know I like I
usually do I get my member Mr Burley
works and I have fun tonight so now if I
was like not do you like that you think
drives like the health sector you to me
is quite good but they tend to be a
little bit broader I don't think the
question why do you need to worry about
it and in fact why was this when you
create courses on you to me we'll come
back to class this now so I've got this
is a mistake people make is well they
create the cost one door closes on
Photoshop for instance will of course is
to end of course to end all courses on
photography now
top-selling courses by Guy Fawkes 11 and
it's a complete guide to talk he does
pretty well so that people have got the
course not doing as well
video production is any been so we now
have a look at it when your trying to
compete on one subject in one needs with
one cause it's really tough so I the
best interests Craig classes of courses
was talking about this site for instance
I've got full classes I teach in which
is business marketing course creation
and photography I draw my background in
my photography cluster for instance just
see this was a course on how to use a
DSLR camera like a process man how to
use manual mode on a DSLR US one course
that's a basic calls people come in and
wanna learn how to use a sniff at CBS I
like a pro
we're going to teach
that's one calls then their creative
photography course where you can take
this course and I'll show you how to do
creative teaching composition lighting
photography and you can use an iPhone so
that's a different group of people come
in and if you have an iPhone take their
course and take great pictures are gone
of course which is portrayed studio
photography classical styles we teach
split lighting all the classic style
rembrandt we teach all of that i'm gonna
advanced studio licensed of course which
teaches all the popular modern lighting
styles and they're gone of course that's
how to set a home-based studio and run a
business from home as photographer now I
can create one course but by creating
all those different courses to things
happen I target people live Nation
trousseau point in time they can go on
and by the courses and the other thing
is I'm now competing in you to be such
under five times on Google by the way
not to get too far off like into another
whole set of topics we can talk about
but another thing that mark was when you
got these multiple courses you to me now
actually in this is glad they doing this
your course descriptions didn't used to
appear anywhere except for taking the
courses they clicked in this area
finally got the idea make your course
descriptions part of the HTML markup
that's on the page on your landing page
which means that Google search engines
will see the text in there and what you
can do is to make sure that you in your
course descriptions you've got some good
keywords in there that people likely to
be searching on it so to marks in the
cluster of courses if you got one course
ok what have you done many lectures in
there but you can't just like you have
to be suitable to that lecture right for
each description keywords with you got a
cluster forces you got that opportunity
to have that keyword used across
those courses which can help finding you
when they are searching google with that
last bit I gotta bail because I've got
to head off to another meeting here to
join us here in a while if you guys want
your conversations mark will decide when
he's gonna call it quits here I will
make sure that the replay the link that
I put in there actually I guess actually
takes you to the courses section of my
website that's fine it's the same domain
there will have to replay all have the
various links here to get a transcript
but I'm still working on my process
there so we'll have all that stuff
available for you and I wish you a great
day thanks again mark Hennessy and
that's great markets got hosting
abilities here as well and he'll be able
to to terminate things when they're done
a great afternoon just stop when you're
done thanks